Doctor:  I am the psychiatrist here in this department.

Patient:  I came to see you because my GP sent me to see you, didn't he?

Doctor:  Yeah, yeah.

Patient:  He said come and see a trick cyclist, because then you'll be alright.

Doctor:  Come and see a... a trick cyclist? A psychiatrist?

Patient:  Yeah. He not... he not had time to listen to me, you see. Okay. He's a GP.

Doctor:  He's a doctor, but I don't think he's very clever. He's not very clever because he's not okay.

Patient:  Getting to this, you see, he won't let me talk about this. He sort of listens to it sometimes,

Doctor:  He won't let me talk about this. He sort of listens to it sometimes, but then sometimes he doesn't.

Patient:  Right. Can I just clarify why you are here and why I'm here? I'm the psychiatrist.

Doctor:  Well, I've come to see you in the emergency clinic today.

Patient:  Okay. And your GP has asked me to see you? So that's why I'm here. Is that right? Yeah, because I got to tell you about this. There's important stuff in there. Really important stuff.

Doctor:  Okay, well, before we start with that, I come to see you.

Patient:  Can I just ask you what you would like me to call you? What name?

Doctor:  Yeah, name. Name is a game. I don't bother with names. That's just too

Patient:  good. Right. Okay. Call me Audrey. Okay. I'm the psychiatrist over here. Okay. Now, what is

Doctor:  Audrey? Can I ask you how old you are, Audrey? How old? Oh, don't. You're only as old as the woman you feel, aren't you?

Patient:  I feel quite young and better than most women in their 20s. Right, okay. So how old would that make

Doctor:  you, Audrey? My ID would say I am 35, but I feel 23 and free. Free food, food for the soul. A nice bit of soul. Yeah, I. Right. A bit of fish. Ah,

Patient:  fantastic. I'm not half hungry. Right. You have any food? Any food here? You have any food? I'm

Doctor:  starving. Nah, they won't be able to get you any food. Let's, okay. Now let's get back to this.

Patient:  This is important. Yes, that's a good idea yep okay this

Doctor:  is why i'm here to talk to you about this right okay to tell you what's going on okay tell me a

Patient:  bit about this then well this is this is the work i've been doing and it's really important it it's

Doctor:  my cure for world hungry hunger that's what it is. It's all written down here.

Patient:  Well, it's not written down. It's here. It's at home in my books at home.

Doctor:  Right. What I get from the papers I get is I get sort of clues, right, as to what I'm supposed to

Patient:  do now and how I'm supposed to get the other clues to hone it down and come up with a final

Doctor:  thing. And how long has all of this been going on, would you say? It's been for ages now.

Patient:  How long would you say? Absolutely ages now. Well, I've been up all week. About a week?

Doctor:  Well, this week I've been working really hard at it because before it's been going on longer than a week.

Patient:  Right.

Doctor:  But I've been working really hard on it for this week because you normally have another.

Patient:  It's the numbers you see.

Doctor:  Right. It's the numbers you have to find out.

Patient:  Am I right in thinking you normally do a different job?

Doctor:  Yeah, I have a small business with my sister selling pottery. I am a potter.

Patient:  You're a potter and own a business with your sister?

Doctor:  Yeah, not full-time, just part-time.

Patient:  Okay.

Doctor:  Audrey the Odd is what they call me.

Patient:  Audrey the Odd?

Doctor:  Yeah.

Patient:  Who calls you that? My sister Libby. I showed her this and she

Doctor:  told me to go get help and that I was bonkers. She said that you were bonkers. In fact, she didn't say go away and she told me to get the fuck away from her. My goodness, she did. She said, get the fuck away. You're bonkers. Did she? Anyway, okay. So she did that and so I said, yeah, I didn't think she was very clever enough. You know not. And well, I went to see the doctor about it. Okay, because I thought I'd show her because she's a doctor. You know, she's been to university. She's done stuff. Yeah. Nah. Thick as shit. She didn't. She said she didn't have time. I thought how you cannot have time to hear about the cure for world hunger. All those starving children. You know what I mean.

Patient:  Right.

Doctor:  Yeah.

Patient:  So that's why she sent me here to tell you all about it.

Doctor:  Right.

Patient:  Okay. Tell me about it. Tell me what's going on.

Doctor:  Okay. Right. Well, I've got my various bits and pieces here I find in the papers, like, you know, the football results. Right. They need adding together. Okay. And then I have found some other information on this page. There are some pages and page numbers there. Right. Add those together and take it away from what's on there. Right. So I do that and you find, and you find, you find other things.

Patient:  And then what does that number do then? And then what does that number do then?

Doctor:  That number corresponds to numbers. I've got on my chart at home. I've got a big chart on my wall, right? And I find that number. Okay. And that adds up to something else. Huh. It's all there. I mean, that's really good. I'm going to get one of those.

Patient:  What's that? That's,

Doctor:  that's really good. That's, that's a phone. It does the internet, right? And everything. So I'll be able to find out more stuff, you know, that way, when I'm out and about. And so there's numbers, you see, I'll use those numbers there. Right? You know, they'll be, they'll need adding up. Okay. And talking away from someone, something else.

Patient:  And when you've done all this with all the numbers.

Doctor:  Yeah. And the chart. Yeah.

Patient:  Where will that leave you? What is it you're headed for?

Doctor:  Well, it's the cure for world hunger in it.

Patient:  That's what it is. The cure for world hunger? The cure for world hunger. Yeah. Okay. So how's

Doctor:  that going to work then? Well, how it works is God tells me, you know, that I'm doing a really

Patient:  good job. Right. And how great I am and how fantastic it is.

Doctor:  I'm working at this, you know. Okay. And I just keep going at it. Okay. You know I don't stop.

Patient:  I don't stop at all. Okay. Can I just take you back a step? Yeah, sure. Because you said God tells you. God tells me. Go on.

Doctor:  Can you tell me a bit more about that?

Patient:  Well, he tells me. He just talks to me. Yeah.

Doctor:  He talks to you?

Patient:  Yes, he talks to me.

Doctor:  Okay, alright.

Patient:  And he tells me, right, I'm doing a really good job. Okay, I'm fantastic.

Doctor:  So God talks. And I'm really wonderful. Oh, and I'm great. You know, I'm doing okay. When God talks, I have to show this to people,

Patient:  right? And that's why I've come here to show you. And when God talks to you, can I just clarify this with you? What?

Doctor:  Does he talk to you like I'm talking to you?

Patient:  With a voice coming through your ears? Or does it feel more like voice doesn't come through your ears, it comes out of your mouth? Voice comes out of your mouth and goes in your ears. Is that right?

Doctor:  Yeah, I get. You should know that because you know you're a doctor as well, aren't you? Yeah. So you should

Patient:  know these things. Yeah. And is that how the voice seems to you? I hear him in my ears. You hear him

Doctor:  in your ears? Because that's what I'm used to hearing. And he talks to me with his mouth because

Patient:  he's, he's. So the voice that seems to come through

Doctor:  your ears rather than from inside your head it's quite loud cuz he's a big guy

Patient:  he's a big he's a big guy he's a big guy yeah yeah and he's got a big beard

Doctor:  what's he like them well he's a big guy with a big beard. Yeah. I call him Beardy once. He didn't like that.

Patient:  He got a right hump. Christ, he, I called him Beardy. Beardy. Yeah, I can imagine. Yeah,

Doctor:  because I just, and I just kind of, so I, I, I just call him sir. You call him sir?

Patient:  He likes to be called sir. Yeah. Okay. And what kind of things, when he's talking to you, what kind of things does he say to you?

Doctor:  He tells me I'm fantastic.

Patient:  You know, how great I am for doing this.

Doctor:  And getting stuck into this and keeping at it and that I should show it to people. And that's what I do. I come out and I show it to people. There's some stuff. So who have you been showing it to people. And that's what I do. I come out and I show it to people. There's some stuff.

Patient:  So who have you been showing it to? Well, okay, who have I been showing? I've sent copies of

Doctor:  stuff to the Pope, right? And the Archbishop of Canterbury. And none of them have written back.

Patient:  You'd think they would, you know. So no replies yet? Because they're close to God. They probably know him. They probably met him and stuff.

Doctor:  Yeah, well, I mean, the Pope, he claims to have met him, right? I mean, you don't know. Yeah, I would assume the Pope knows God, right? He knows he's got his address, his telephone number, everything like that. But then, you know, or see the Archbishop of Canterbury, I think he's just rude because he's not written back at all.

Patient:  Right. It sounds as though this has all been keeping you really busy. Have you

Doctor:  been sleeping at all? No, I haven't had time to sleep. Nah. No time to sleep? Nah, nah, nah. When was the

Patient:  last time you had a good night's sleep, would you say? Don't need it. You don't need it? Don't need

Doctor:  it. I've got all this enthusiasm from God, right? You know. So what's yours? It's there. It's the

Patient:  energy inside me. It's there to make me do work.

Doctor:  So you feel as if you've got a lot of energy.

Patient:  Yeah, tons of it. Tons of it.

Doctor:  And how are your thoughts? Are they going fast? Are you thinking lots? Lots of ideas?

Patient:  Well, yeah, you have to think very intensely. You look at stuff down here.

Doctor:  I've got that in the door the other day, you know.

Patient:  Okay, there's lots of numbers out there that need adding up and taking away.

Doctor:  And how are you feeling about yourself, your self-esteem? How do you feel about yourself as a person at the moment?

Patient:  I feel fantastic, you know, because God's telling me, right, I am, yeah, okay, and I'm doing a really good job.

Doctor:  Yeah, it's all there and it's all happening. And tell me this, because I couldn't get it from your GP's letter. Have you ever had anything like this before in your life, where you have felt full of

Patient:  energy and lots of bright ideas? No, no, it's not happened before. Nah, but this has been going

Doctor:  on for so long. I can't really remember anything else, you know. And have there ever been any times

Patient:  in your life where you kind of been the opposite? Where you had a bit down in the dumps, not much

Doctor:  energy? Sometimes. Well, I don't have, I have been low sometimes when I was younger. A long time ago. I don't remember. That was long ago. Once I felt very sad and low, but not now. No, not now. Doctor put me on Prozac. Didn't do anything though. Let's get back to this.

Patient:  Do you remember when you were on Prozac? And what dose? No. Long time ago. Do you remember when you were on Prozac? And what dose?

Doctor:  No. Long time ago.

Patient:  Okay. And what about family history? Does anyone in your family have things like this?

Doctor:  No. No, it's just me. It's really, well, they're not really that clever, you know.

Patient:  Who's not that clever?

Doctor:  My family.

Patient:  Your family? your family. You know, that's why I've, why I have come to see the doctors, places, hospitals,

Doctor:  and things like that, because they have clever people. You're a clever person. Right, so do you

Patient:  feel as if you're more clever than perhaps other people? Well, well, well, yeah, you know, I'm

Doctor:  certainly more clever than those people at work. Okay, you know, because they're a bit thick.

Patient:  I guess I'm wondering what might have happened to start all of this off for you. Have you had any thoughts yourself? What's brought this on?

Doctor:  Well, well, God, yeah, God, yeah, yeah. Okay, and he just came to me one day, right? Right. One day he just came to me,, yeah. Okay. And he just came to me one day. Right. One day he just came to me, you know. Okay. And I started noticing connections with numbers and things. I wonder. It's, it's,

Patient:  it's all there. You've just got to find it. Okay. I wonder. You've got to dig deep and look for it, you know, what I mean.

Doctor:  Yeah, yeah, right.

Patient:  Okay, how have you been feeling physically, in your physical health? Any problems there?

Doctor:  Physically fine, I'm fine, yeah, absolutely.

Patient:  And have you been taking any prescribed medications besides the Prozac in the past?

Doctor:  any prescribed medications besides the Prozac in the past? No, no, no. Nothing like that. Just like I told you. It was a long time ago. I just need everything that's within me now. I don't need

Patient:  anything else. And you know how you were saying that your sister... Yeah, said that you were...

Doctor:  Who, Audrey? Yeah, yeah. She said rude things. She said rude things, and I don't like repeating it.

Patient:  She kind of suggested you might be.

Doctor:  I told you what she said, and I, didn't I? She used the F word, and I don't like that. No, no, no.

Patient:  It sounded like she thought you weren't very well at the moment. No, I'm fine.

Doctor:  she thought you weren't very well at the moment. No, I'm fine. Now look, can we look at this now because this is what I want to talk about. It's just that I've come here to talk about this and you seem to be going off on one for some reason. Yeah, and you're not really paying attention to me.

Patient:  Do you want to do that now? Can we talk a bit more about this now? Well, I guess

Doctor:  before we get back into that, I guess what? Well, no, I don't want to get back in. I want to talk

Patient:  about it now. Can we talk about it now, please? I guess what I'm wondering is whether this might

Doctor:  be a sign that you're not very well at the moment. No, I'm fine.

Patient:  I want to talk about this. You seem to want to change the subject. Yeah, so I don't want to

Doctor:  talk to you anymore. I've had enough of you and I've had enough of being here. I want to talk to somebody else. I want to talk to the boss. I want to talk to your boss. Right, where's your boss?

Patient:  Audrey, I am the boss. I'm a consultant, you see. Well, you're a shit boss and I want to talk to

Doctor:  somebody else. There must be somebody else I can talk to. There isn't, Audrey. I want to talk to

Patient:  the head person. I'm fed up with talking to the old nag rag. I want to

Doctor:  talk to the engineer, the driver of this unit. No more monkeys. I want to talk to the top person, top boss, top dog. That's who I want to talk to.